[system] Add migration guide link to `@mui/styles` pages (#43833)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/styles/basics/basics.md

:::error
`@mui/styles` was deprecated with the release of MUI Core v5 in late 2021.
It is not compatible with [React.StrictMode](https://react.dev/reference/react/StrictMode) or React 18+, and it will not be updated.

This documentation remains here for those working on legacy projects, but we **strongly discourage** you from using `@mui/styles` when creating a new app with Material UI—you _will_ face unresolvable dependency issues.

Please use [`@mui/system`](/system/getting-started/) instead.

> See the [v5 migration docs](/material-ui/migration/migration-v4/) for details on how to migrate away from `@mui/styles`.

Reviewer: We can directly link to?

```suggestion
See the [v5 migration docs](/material-ui/migration/migrating-from-jss/ for details on how to migrate away from `@mui/styles`.
```

x the other.
